# ML_scripts
All Machine Learning Projects executed on Google Colab are added here
=
1. Haystack - https://github.com/deepset-ai/haystack

   Haystack ML Framework was used to generate questions and answers from text provided, summarize Amazon reviews and classify each review as positive or negative.

   Classifier Pipeline > +ve or -ve

   Summarizer Pipeline > Summary of provided text

   QA Pipeline > 

   QuestionGenerationPipeline: The most basic version of a question generator pipeline takes a document as input and outputs generated questions which the the                                                 document can answer.
              
   RetrieverQuestionGenerationPipeline: This pipeline takes a query as input. It retrieves relevant documents and then generates questions based on these.

   QuestionAnswerGenerationPipeline: This pipeline takes a document as input, generates questions on it, and attempts to answer these questions using a Reader model

   GenerativeQAPipeline: LFQA - GenerativeQAPipeline combines a retriever and a reader/generator to answer our questions.



2. QA_style_max - https://github.com/PrithivirajDamodaran/Styleformer

   Neural Language Style Transfer framework to transfer natural language text smoothly between fine-grained language styles.
   Casual to Formal paraphrasing executed in the notebook



3. Happy_Summarizer - 

   T5, DistilBart, Pegasus Paraphraser and Pegasus Summarizer models provided the autogenerated summaries.



4. Summarizer_Train - https://huggingface.co/tuner007/pegasus_summarizer

   Pegasus Summarizer was fine-tuned by providing a dataset of appropriate single summary obtained from Happy_Summarizer.



5. Chatbot_Train - https://github.com/microsoft/DialoGPT

   Microsoft's Dialogpt model was fine-tuned to generate realistic conversations between customer and agent using a client provided dataset of sample chats on their website.
